[OCPBUGS#16869]: Add warning message for  creating an SCC  with a high priority that can block upgrades and cause instability (#110432)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-context-constraints-about.adoc

Security context constraints (SCCs) have a priority field that affects the ordering when attempting to validate a request by the admission controller.

[WARNING]
====
Setting a Security Context Constraint (SCC) priority too high can block cluster upgrades and cause significant instability.
====

> 

Reviewer: Could we be more clear as to what "too high" actually is?

In reality, any SCC with a higher priority than that of the default SCCs OpenShift ships with means that those SCCs will take precedent over the OpenShift default ones.

Setting the priority for an SCC higher than the OpenShift default ones may mean that components that have not successfully pinned to a particular SCC for enforcement means that the new higher priority SCC would apply to the cluster components and may cause issues in the cluster because the Pods associated with the component might be rejected by the new higher priority SCC.

> Setting a Security Context Constraint (SCC) priority greater than 0 or higher than the default OpenShift SCCs can cause critical cluster instability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Setting a Security Context Constraint (SCC) priority greater than 0 or higher than the default {product-title} SCCs can cause critical cluster instability.
```

I checked our repo and do not see instances of OpenShift SCC ot the fully spelled variant. The global attribute should be stated. Please do the same with the other note.
